- You better leave.
You better leave right now.
- Ban right fright!
- Mr. Bain, Edgar Whitman.
- Nice to meet you,
Nathaniel Bain.
- Welcome to Paul Revere
University.
Right this way.
- Go rot.
- We overshot equality
by a mile in this country.
Gender, race,
identity politics.
We spend all our time ranting
and raving about safe zones
and binary bathrooms
and, uh, comfort dogs,
rather than the prosperity
and joy
of the middle class.
Come hell or high water,
we're gonna get this country
back on track.
We will not apologize
for being
strong, white, and male.
Ever.
- You tell 'em that.
Yes!
- You're a fascist pig,
you Nazi scum.
- Heck of a speech.
- You do what you have to do.
- Hmm.
Do you really believe all that
hate you preach?
Or you just love making
people crazy?
- Both.
- I appreciate the honesty.
- Hmm.
It's so good.
Oh, my God!
Somebody help me, please!
The room is on fire!
Somebody!
Please!
- We've been here two seconds,
you're already working Tinder?
- Working Tinder?
No, my sister goes here.
I'm just trying to make sure
she's okay.
- What?
Hey, Ryan.
- Hey.
We have a dozen injured with
smoke inhalation,
one dead, guest speaker,
Nathaniel Bain.
- Anybody hear or see anything?
- Don't know,
still looking for witnesses.
- We're gonna need
the security footage
as soon as possible.
- On it.
- Yeah, right that way.
Possible break-in.
- Hey.
Looks like part of a bottle.
- Delivery device?
Molotov maybe?
- Hey, Tom?
- Yeah.
- Can you rush this to the lab,
please?
Thanks.
- Found some security footage
from outside the auditorium.
Camera out back caught this
four minutes before
the alarm sounded.
- Male, skinny build.
He's holding his left hand.
Maybe he hurt it in the attack.
- Or burned it somehow.
- Okay, we're gonna need
the names of everyone
who had access to
the green room, fast.
- Yeah.
- Nathaniel Bain, outspoken,
self-proclaimed western
chauvinist,
and protector of
American values.
So he's a people person.
- He's pig.
- Hmm.
- He rails against
political correctness
and feminism while espousing
white nationalism
and the preservation of
"European" civilization.
- Can you pull up his enemies?
- Sure.
Just need about a thousand more
screens.
- We know he was banned from
several local radio stations
and every tri-state campus,
except for Paul Revere U.
- Because he's a hateful,
narrow-minded,
sexist racist.
- Focus on the evidence,
not on the politics.
Our job is to protect
free speech, not to police it,
and right now that's all
that matters.
- Oh, results just came back
from the lab.
They lifted prints off
the glass shard
found in the green room.
But no hits in the system.
- No record, which means
he's probably young
and inexperienced.
- Or just really good.
- No, no one really good
would do this.
Too risky, too brazen.
Political activists
are idealists,
young, very influenced
by other people.
So I bet we're looking at
a student.
- Great, 'cause Paul Revere
only has about 10,000.
- Well, better than 20.
- Hmm.
- So right now,
let's track down
the last person who saw
Nathaniel Bain alive.
- Yeah.
- I dropped him off at
the green room
after the speech.
That was it.
We shook hands
and then I walked away.
- We understand that there were
threats against Bain
in advance of his speech.
- Yes, 33 death threats.
But our security team checked
it out,
concluded they weren't
credible.
I know he was a lightning rod,
but that's why it was
so interesting.
I was trying to make a point.
I was trying to stand up for
the most liberal cause of all,
freedom of speech.
I loathed what came out of
Nathaniel Bain's mouth,
but I respected his right
to say it.
- Well, unfortunately
not everyone on your campus
feels the same way.
- Okay, we're gonna need
all the information
regarding the various
death threats,
and a list of all
the left-leaning
political organizations.
- Yes, the registrar
can provide you
with a list of all the campus
political organizations.
- Thank you.
We'll be in touch.
- All right.
- Everyone's so riled up
about everything.
Every word, every opinion,
every label.
- Well, it seems to be
getting worse too.
It feels like
the tipping point.
- Well, a man was just
assassinated,
so I'd say we've already
tipped.
- True.
- What?
- My sister.
She is upset that I had
the audacity
to see if she was okay.
- Hey, you sure you don't
wanna track her down
and say hi?
Campus isn't even that big,
it's wouldn't be that hard.
- You're right, it won't be.
- Resist!
together: Hate.
- There she is.
together: Resist.
together: Hate.
- Okay, please make this quick,
my friends are here.
- It's really great to see you,
too.
- I'm Maggie.
- Nice to meet you.
- You too.
- Hope they pay you extra
for having to deal with him.
- Wow.
- Why are you here,
Nathaniel Bain?
You know who killed him?
- No, not yet.
- You think it was a student?
- It's possible.
- Can't believe someone
actually murdered him.
I get the impulse, trust me.
He's, like, the grossest
human being ever.
But still, I mean, to actually
kill someone, that's insane.
- Yes, we agree.
- Uh, nice to see you, Omar,
but I have to get back
to my protest.
- Sure, but what are you
protesting, exactly?
Someone voicing their opinion?
- Someone voicing hate.
- Just because you don't
agree with it?
- I'm always wrong,
no matter what.
- What was that about?
- I don't wanna talk about it.
- So I tweeted something
insulting about
a revolting human being.
- The problem is,
that revolting human being
is dead, cremated.
It was an hour after
your tweet.
Okay, that was meant to
be... metaphorical,
not literal.
Bain's disgusting,
I hate his politics,
but I didn't kill the guy,
no way.
Truth is, clowns like Bain
drive up donations.
Everybody needs an enemy
to rally against.
- So what about other members?
Are any of them less
enlightened than you,
maybe more prone to violence?
- Some, but they all left,
and they wanted to radicalize.
I refused.
- Can you give us a list
of names
of people who wanted to
radicalize?
- No.
- Let me try and ask that
in a different way.
Give me list of these names
or we will have a warrant
for every computer in this
room, every hard drive...
- Okay.
- Every Google search...
- Okay, I'll get you the names,
but we're college students,
we're not killers.
- These millenials are a joke.
- You are a millenial.
- No, I'm young,
there's a difference.
And pretty sure being
in the FBI
disqualifies you
from that label.
- Huh, well then
you should go back there
and tell them to get off
your lawn.
- I should tell them to mow it.
- Is that your problem with
your sister,
she's a millenial?
- I wish I could blame it
on that,
it's more complicated.
We just never got along,
there was always a lot
of resentment.
- Why?
- Because I'm
an overbeating G-man
who doesn't respect entitled,
opinionated teenagers.
- He's heading down
a one-way street,
we can cut him off this way.
Careful, I don't see
the shooter.
Don't move!
- Are you crazy?
Huh?
Shooting at the FBI,
trying to kill us.
- No, we weren't shooting
at you.
- Who were you shooting at?
- The building, the club.
- Yeah, well, 30 rounds
of 9 millimeters say otherwise.
- I was just shooting at
the building, I swear.
- Why, you don't like brick?
- No, I don't like the SDSU.
- Why's that?
- 'Cause they're elitist punks.
- So you do a drive-by?
- Just trying to scare 'em.
- Why?
- Because of what they did
to Nathaniel Bain.
- What, you think SDSU
had something to do
with the murder?
- Don't know for sure,
but they torched our clubhouse
last week.
So, they might have torched
Bain too.
- I'm sorry, what?
Someone torched your clubhouse?
- Yeah, no one got hurt, but--
- Did you call the police?
- No, just the fire department.
- What, you didn't want
law enforcement involved?
So you can get revenge?
- Where's your clubhouse?
- Well, fire department
put out the fire,
didn't process the scene.
- Another Molotov cocktail,
same M.O. as Bain's murder.
- Used to be a time
where you could disagree
with someone and not get
firebombed.
- Yeah, well, I think
that ship has sailed.
- Let's check the glass
for prints.
- Thank you.
So, the lab compared the prints
on the glass
found at the Savage Sons'
clubhouse
to those on the glass
at Bain's murder.
They belong to the same person.
- So the suspect moved
from arson to arson plus murder
in two weeks.
He's escalating.
What about social media
threats?
Anything before the clubhouse
fire?
- No, but I did dig out
an obscure post afterwards
with a nominal claim
of responsibility
from someone named
"Vanguard2018."
"A new dawn is rising."
Could be political,
someone taking credit
for the fire.
- Is "New Dawn" a name
or is Mr. Vanguard just
being poetic?
- Well, we ran "New Dawn,"
it came up empty,
but we are still tracking
the hashtag.
- All right, well, for now
we consider it a shadow group.
- Which means it won't stay
in the dark for long.
- Any chance they're connected
to the University?
- Possible.
- Giving the assailant's
profile,
the location of the attacks,
I would say more likely
probable.
- I'd say definite.
Just found a few social media
posts referencing New Dawn.
It was posted by someone
named Claire Taylor.
Check out the tags,
#NewDawnRising,
#RevTheory, #PRU.
- Find out who teaches
Revolution Theory
at Paul Revere.
- New Dawn?
No, never heard of them.
Why?
What's this about?
- We're investigating
the murder of Nathaniel Bain,
and we came across that name,
New Dawn.
We believe it's a campus-based
political organization.
- And since you seem to be
the professor of choice
for lots of politically-active
students...
I take that as a compliment,
but, uh,
I never heard of this group,
sorry.
- Hmm.
- And for the record,
I teach
Brazilian Literature too.
- We ran the names of
31 students
who posted threats
against Bain
and 30 of them take your
Revolutionary Theory class.
- I'm not sure what that means.
- It means we think one of
your students may be involved.
- In the murder?
Really?
- Can you tell us about
Claire Taylor?
- She's one of your students.
She was arrested three weeks
ago for protesting
the expansion of PRU into
an inner-city neighborhood.
You bailed her out.
- She called for help,
so I helped her.
- Where is she now?
- London.
She moved there with her family
three weeks ago.
- Professor Kelly wasn't lying,
Claire Taylor has been in
London for the past 23 days.
- Okay, so we know she didn't
kill Bain.
What else do we know about her?
- Born in New York,
graduated from Trinity Prep,
enrolled at PRU two years ago,
Poli-Sci major.
She lived in an off-campus
apartment
on 175th and Broadway.
Was an editor of
the "Daily Pru."
- The "Daily Pru"?
- Yes.
- Good, that's helpful,
Kristen.
Thank you.
- Why's the "Daily Pru"
helpful?
- Because my sister works
there too.
- Yeah, I know her.
We both worked at
the "Daily Pru," or used to.
She left school.
Why?
- We think that she might be
involved
in a political organization,
New Dawn.
- You think New Dawn
is involved?
- You've heard of them?
- Yeah, Claire mentioned
the name a few times,
but they can't be
that dangerous.
Claire was pretty mellow.
I mean, hardcore
social warrior?
Yeah, but hardly a badass.
I mean, she summers
in Nantucket.
- Well, right now we think that
New Dawn might be involved
in the murder of
Nathaniel Bain.
- Okay, other than Claire,
do you know of anyone else
who's involved in
the organization?
- Um...yeah.
I met this girl named Heather
once through Claire.
She said she was part of
a new radical group.
She was all excited about it,
said it was gonna change
the world
or something like that.
- Do you know Heather's
last name?
- No,
but I bet I could
track her down.
- No, I don't want you
getting involved.
- Why?
If you're right about this,
that New Dawn is involved
in the murder,
it would make an awesome story.
I'm a journalist, remember?
- Uh, I said no, Amira.
- You don't trust me?
You don't think
I can handle it?
- That's not what
this is about.
- This is great story, Omar,
and I'm going to chase it
with or without your approval.
- Okay.
- Okay, what?
- Okay, you can track her down.
- And then?
- Then nothing.
You give me her last name,
we'll take it from there.
- Or I introduce her to Maggie
and help you guys get under.
I'll be fine, I promise.
- Track her down,
make the introduction,
that's it.
- Okay.
- All right, here's my cover.
I'm a family friend with
an activist past.
- Make sure you memorize
every detail.
- I will, don't worry.
- Amira, this is not a joke.
You understand me?
- She's gonna be great.
And this doesn't have to
take a lot of time,
I just need you to introduce me
to Heather.
After that, I'll take it
from there, right?
I might meet a few members
and find a place
to plant the wire,
but then I'm gonna
get the hell out.
- Just wanna make sure
you're gonna be okay.
- We're gonna be fine.
- Good luck.
- I don't know
how you deal with him.
- He's not that bad.
- Maybe with you, but with me
if I zig, he thinks I should
have zagged.
Know what I mean?
- Yeah, I have
an older brother too.
- I wish he was
my older brother.
- Ten years ago our dad died
and ever since
he acts more like a father.
- He is right about that.
You really do need to memorize
everything in there.
- I will.
- Don't be nervous,
I'm gonna be with you
the whole time.
- Good.
I'm actually kind of excited.
- That's her.
Heather?
Hi, I'm Amira, Claire's friend.
We met a while back.
- Yeah, I remember.
- This is my friend, Maggie.
We grew up in the same
neighborhood.
- So, what's up?
Why'd you call?
- Claire said if I ever ran
into trouble, you could help.
- What's troubling you?
- The Right Stuff,
they're this white nationalist
group--
- I know who they are.
- These punks bet up my friends
after Bain got killed,
'cause one of them had on
a Bernie t-shirt.
One kid is still in
the hospital.
- I'm sorry to hear that,
but what's that gotta do
with me?
- I don't like being attacked
for my beliefs,
and I don't want it happening
again.
- Long road between
dislike and deed.
- Well, that's where I come in.
- What do you mean?
- I mean I wanna be involved
with deeds.
Amira told me about Claire
and New Dawn.
I'm the one that asked
for the introduction.
- We're not accepting
applications at the moment.
- Hmm, yeah.
All bark, no bite.
Like all the other candy-ass
liberals.
- Excuse me?
- I've shed real blood
for this cause,
you understand me?
So I don't appreciate
the attitude
or the disrespect.
- So who'd you move with?
Where'd you shed the blood?
- Charlottesville.
- I was there too.
Let me buy you drink.
- All right.
- Okay, Amira, you made
the introduction, time to go.
- We swore we wouldn't budge.
Thanks.
Uh, cops had batons, shields,
like, all their armor.
- Did you hold the line?
- Yeah, I mean,
until the tear gas.
You go blind, it's like
breathing fire.
- Right on.
- Uh, is there a bathroom?
- Past the stage.
- Excuse me.
- What's your problem?
- I'm heading into
the back room.
They got guns back here, OA.
A lot of them.
- Hey.
Who are you?
- I'm a friend of Heather's.
- What the hell you doing
in here?
- Actually, I was looking
for the bathroom.
- Hey, this isn't a bathroom.
- You know her?
- We just met.
- Who's she?
- Friend of Claire's,
came here with Maggie.
They're talking about
joining our movement.
- You two willing to get
your hands dirty?
- Wouldn't be here
if we weren't.
- We were gonna take a ride.
Why don't you come with us?
- Uh, yeah, great.
She's gonna stay back,
had a pretty rough
couple of days.
- Nah, this will be
therapeutic, I promise.
- I get it, but--
- You're both coming.
- It's okay.
- I don't like this,
they're in too deep.
- You wanna pull them out?
- No, let's play this out
for now.
- You ever hear of Alt-Knights?
- Yeah, like Savage Sons,
but dumber.
- Get ready to introduce
yourself.
- Is that tap code?
- 10-34, shooting in progress.
- Get ready, we're coming up.
The one with the American flag
in front.
- Are you ready for this?
- There it is.
- This is bad, man.
- Give me that.
Nah, we're good.
- We got five felonies
sitting in here, man.
That's real time,
that ain't nothing good.
- You know what?
I'll handle this.
- Just shut up and stay put.
- Kiss my ass.
- Ma'am get back in your car.
- Hey!
Ma'am get back in your car.
- No, what's going on
right now?
Why are you pulling us over?
- Stop walking.
- Huh?
You just wanna harass
innocent citizens?
- Ma'am we're not
gonna warn you again.
- Is Amira okay?
- Yeah.
Look, there are AK-47s
in the car,
so you need to give me
a minute.
Stay on our six.
I'm recording this.
- Okay.
- These police officers
are harassing me,
verbally abusing me
and I've done nothing wrong.
- Okay, all right. Enough.
- I'm an innocent citizen,
a hard working citizen.
Why don't you give me
your badge number?
- Okay, okay.
- Put that away, you're getting
off easy tonight.
- Hey, be careful.
- All right, we're good,
let's go.
- I mean, that was insane.
- Best offense is
a good defense.
- It's a gutsy call.
- Not really.
Isn't that what New Dawn's
all about?
- That's exactly what
we're all about.
To a crazy night.
- To many more.
- And not getting arrested.
I'll top us off.
Amira, who's the guy
at the bar?
Black jacket.
- I don't know.
- Excuse me.
- Yeah?
- Two whiskeys for the people
at the bar.
- No problem.
- Thank you.
Meet me at the door
in ten seconds.
- The prints from
the shot glass
match the two from
the Molotov cocktails.
Now let's see
who they belong to.
- Connor Whitman.
- Let's see what else
we can find.
- President Whitman's son.
- So we have
Connor Whitman's prints
at the scene of the Savage Sons
clubhouse fire
and Nathaniel Bain murder.
- Any criminal record?
- One misdemeanor
for resisting arrest
in 2017 at the Women's March.
- Hmm, he's really stepped up
his game since then.
- Let's bring him in,
see what he has to say
for himself.
- We already hit his apartment,
he wasn't there.
- Talk to the father,
tell him just enough to scare
him into making a phone call.
- OA, Amira's waiting in
the conference room for you.
- She okay?
- I think so.
She's tougher than she looks.
- Yeah, she's more stubborn
too.
Sure you're okay?
- I'm fine.
- I think that if I stay
under with Heather...
- Stay under with Heather?
No, you're done.
You made the introduction,
you were great.
Now it's time to go back
and be a normal
college student.
- I'm a journalist on the verge
of cracking a major case.
- They killed Nathaniel Bain.
They burned him alive.
- That's why it's
a great story.
- No--
No, it's a terrible story,
a dangerous story.
You are done with New Dawn,
you are done with Heather.
Do you understand me?
- You know, you're not Dad.
- My secretary said
it was urgent, what's going on?
- Uh,
we found your son's name
on a hit list
of the alt-right group,
the Savage Sons,
and we think his life
may be in danger.
- What are you talking about?
- Word is they think he had
something to do with
the assassination of
Nathaniel Bain,
and they're seeking
retribution.
- Well, that's absurd.
Connor's never even
been in a fight.
He's not a hitman,
this must be some mistake.
- I'm just reporting
the facts, sir.
- I appreciate that, but--
- Do you know where he is?
I need to speak with him
as soon as possible
for his own protection.
- Well, you're gonna speak
to my lawyer instead.
We're done here.
- Kristen, we up?
- Call coming through now.
- Dad, I can't talk right now.
- No, you're gonna talk,
so you shut up and listen.
And I'm gonna ask you this
just once.
Do you anything about
the murder of Nathaniel Bain?
- Why would you ask me that?
- Because you live
in a dream world.
- Wait, did someone
say something?
- Yes, the FBI was just here.
The FBI and they were asking
questions about you.
- I'm sorry, Dad.
I was--I was just trying
to scare him.
- Wait--wait, you had something
to do with this?
Are you serious?
Who put you up to this?
- I'm sorry, Dad,
I have to go.
- No, no, you stay
where you are,
and if anybody comes to talk
to you,
the police or the FBI,
you get a lawyer, okay?
- I love you, Dad.
- Yeah, I--
- Something's wrong.
- This kid is spiraling.
- I've got a location,
corner of 145th and Amsterdam.
- Go, go, go.
- OA.
Okay.
- Roll an ambo to
338 145th Street right away.
Come on.
- Hey, Connor.
We need to talk to you
about Nathaniel Bain.
We know you threw
the Molotov cocktail
in the green room.
- We have your prints
on the bottle
and on the bottle used to torch
the Savage Sons' clubhouse.
So the second you get
discharged from here,
you will be put under arrest
for murder.
- Unless you cooperate.
You tell us who's calling
the shots.
If you do that,
we can work something out.
Connor, we've recovered
your phone,
and we've read
all of your texts.
We know what your fearless
leader's been saying to you,
how they've been
persuading you.
- He wasn't persuading me.
He was reminding me
of our credo.
- And what's that?
- "There's no more noble death
than that of
a soldier dying for a cause."
- Connor, suicide is not noble.
And you're not a soldier.
- Who told you to attack
Nathaniel Bain?
You're 21 years old,
you could still have a great
life ahead of you.
- Okay.
Okay, but, uh, but you can't
tell him I told you.
- We won't.
Was it a friend?
- It was, uh...
It was a professor.
It was a professor
at the college.
- Is this your professor,
Will Kelly?
Did he tell you to throw
the Molotov cocktail
at Nathaniel Bain?
- FBI!
Charlie Team,
clear lower level.
Up the stairs.
Top door, right.
- Clear.
- We're all clear, left.
- Charlie Team, status report.
- Hey.
No professor, but we found
a ton of these in the garage.
- Styrofoam and gasoline.
Okay, he's making
a napalm bomb.
- So BOLO's out,
air assets are airborne,
NYPD, and New York
State Police,
every cop and agent in
the street's in the loop,
they're all looking for
Professor Will's car.
- Any history on the vehicle?
- He bought it used
two years ago.
The previous owners included
a rental company.
- Which means there's probably
a tracking system on board.
- Which we can't access
without a warrant.
- Hang on.
Hey, this is SAC
Dana Mosier,
I need to speak to AUSA Posner
right away, please.
Henry, hey, it's Dana.
Look, I need a verbal
authorization to activate
a tracking device on
a William Kelly's vehicle.
- Plate reader just got a hit
on the Queensboro Bridge,
eastbound ten minutes ago.
- He's heading into Queens.
- Or Brooklyn or Long Island.
Further he gets,
the harder he is to find.
- Yeah.
- Ah, you're the best.
Thank you, Henry.
Written documents
are coming now.
Okay, affidavit's coming.
- Lily, can you patch us
into their system?
- You got it.
- He's at the waterfront.
- Maggie, circle the wagons.
- Copy that.
We're approaching now.
- It's still warm,
couldn't have gotten far,
five, maybe six blocks.
- All right,
this is our suspect.
- Okay.
- NYPD.
- Yes, ma'am.
- We need a cordon
of eight blocks.
- Affirmative.
- No one in or out.
Agents, canvass on foot,
let's go.
- OA.
- Don't move.
- Oh.
- Hey, FBI.
Put your hands up,
get against the wall now.
- You're under arrest.
- For what?
- For domestic terrorism,
murder,
conspiracy to commit murder,
but I'm sure the U.S.
Attorney's Office
can think of plenty more
charges too.
We found Styrofoam plates
and gasoline
in your apartment.
- There's no law against owning
Styrofoam and gasoline.
- No, there's not, but there
is one against making
and detonating napalm bombs.
- What the hell
are you talking about?
- You killed Nathaniel Bain.
- I killed no one,
my follower did,
Connor Whitman.
He's actions have nothing
to do with me.
- Sure they do,
it's called conspiracy.
- These young men and women
idolize me.
No, you know what?
They, uh, they revere me.
They live to fulfill my vision
and dreams,
but what they do and how
they do it, that's on them.
- Hmm.
Sound familiar to you?
You're like Osama bin Laden,
and Connor Whitman
and all the other New Dawners,
they're like your jihadists?
- Is that what you're saying?
- Your words, not mine.
- OA.
You need to see his phone.
We've been going through it,
and he got a text from Heather
20 minutes ago
saying she and a new recruit
were on their way to fulfill
the next great mission.
- Did she say where they were
going, what their target is?
- No, but she sent a picture
of the new recruit.
- Where are they?
Where's the bomb?
Where are they?
- OA.
- Where are they?
- What's going on?
Hey--
- Where is she?
Where is she?
- OA, back off.
- You have three seconds.
Excuse me.
Sorry.
- ♪ Amazing grace
♪ How sweet...
- OA, to the right.
Excuse me.
- Stand back.
- Heather, I'm Agent Zidan,
that's my little sister.
Please don't do anything
stupid.
You activate that phone,
you, me,
and 300 innocent people
go up in flames.
- These people aren't innocent,
they preach hate and venom.
- That's their right,
just like it's yours
to speak against it.
- "Flowing brooks, so longs
my soul for you, o God."
Now as we gather here today...
- Napalm's in the casket,
isn't it?
You bypass security,
nobody checks it.
- Just stop.
It's time to take action.
It's us or them.
- No. You're wrong.
It's us andthem.
That's what this country
is all about.
Being able to be different.
Being able to disagree.
- Just hand me the phone, okay?
Before you do something
you can't walk back.
Look, Heather, right now
you're just a college kid
with a phone.
No one's been hurt.
No one's been injured.
- We need to make a point.
Bain's loyalists
need to suffer.
- And what about the 300 other
people in here, huh?
The wives,
the children, you?
- No, he--
he said it--it would just be
the leaders in the first row.
- And you believed him.
- Professor Will is a liar.
And he's a coward.
He's using you, Heather.
But he doesn't care
what happens to you
or the other students.
- No. He's a great man.
A brave man.
- Then why isn't he here?
- Just hand me the phone,
Heather, please.
Don't blow your life up
over this.
- Don't blow it up over him,
Heather.
He's not worth it,
I promise you.
- Please.
- You okay?
- Please don't be mad at me.
I'm really sorry.
I'm an idiot.
- No. You're not.
You're a hero.
You helped save a lot of lives
up there.
I'm proud of you.
- Really?
- Yeah, really.